NAME
    Module::Inspector - An integrated API for inspecting Perl distributions

DESCRIPTION
    An entire ecosystem of CPAN modules exist around the files and formats
    relating to the CPAN itself. Parsers and object models for various
    different types of files have been created over the years by various
    people for various projects.

    These modules have a variety of different styles, and work in various
    different ways.

    So when it comes to analysing the structure of a Perl module (either
    inside a repository, in a tarball, or in unpacked form) it is certainly
    quite possible to do.

    It's just that often it takes a high level of experience with the
    various modules in question, and the knowledge of how to combine the
    dozen of so modules in one cohesive program.

    Personally, I have always found this laborious.

    What I would prefer is a single API that is easy to use, implements the
    magic invisibly behind the scenes, and co-ordinates the use of the
    various modules for me as needed.

    Module::Inspector provides such an API, and provides a companion to the
    Class::Inspector API for accessing information on class after
    installation.

    It provides a wrapper around the various modules used to read and
    examine the different parts of a Perl module distribution tarball, and
    can inspect a module unrolled on disk, in a repository checkout, or just
    look directly inside a tarball.

METHODS
TO DO
    - Implement most of the functionality

SUPPORT
    This module is stored in an Open Repository at the following address.

    <http://svn.phase-n.com/svn/cpan/trunk/Module-Inspector>

    Write access to the repository is made available automatically to any
    published CPAN author, and to most other volunteers on request.

    If you are able to submit your bug report in the form of new (failing)
    unit tests, or can apply your fix directly instead of submitting a
    patch, you are strongly encouraged to do so as the author currently
    maintains over 100 modules and it can take some time to deal with
    non-Critcal bug reports or patches.

    This will guarentee that your issue will be addressed in the next
    release of the module.

    If you cannot provide a direct test or fix, or don't have time to do so,
    then regular bug reports are still accepted and appreciated via the CPAN
    bug tracker.

    <http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/ReportBug.html?Queue=Module-Inspector>

    For other issues, for commercial enhancement or support, or to have your
    write access enabled for the repository, contact the author at the email
    address above.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
    The biggest acknowledgement must go to Chris Nandor, who wielded his
    legendary Mac-fu and turned my initial fairly ordinary Darwin
    implementation into something that actually worked properly everywhere,
    and then donated a Mac OS X license to allow it to be maintained
    properly.

AUTHORS
    Adam Kennedy <adamk@cpan.org>

SEE ALSO
    Class::Inspector

COPYRIGHT
    Copyright 2006 Adam Kennedy.

    This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.

    The full text of the license can be found in the LICENSE file included
    with this module.

